JSON source gen breaking change (#26222)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/serialization/6.0/json-source-gen-api-refactor.md

---
title: "Breaking change: JSON source-generation API refactoring"
description: Learn about the .NET 6.0 breaking change where the APIs called by JSON source generator output were refactored.
ms.date: 09/22/2021
---
# JSON source-generation API refactoring

The APIs that the output of the JSON source generator calls have been refactored. The refactoring makes them easier to extend with new features in the future. Projects that explicitly use the JSON source generator and were compiled with .NET 6 RC 1 or earlier will fail with run-time exceptions when run on the .NET 6 RC 2 runtime.

## Previous behavior

> Projects that were compiled using the .NET 6 RC 1 or earlier version of the System.Text.Jason (STJ) source generator and library run as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects that were compiled using the .NET 6 RC 1 or earlier version of the System.Text.Json source generator and library run as expected.
```
